hey guys it's Jeremy today I'm gonna be
doing a quick review on some photographs
I got printed at Walmart in their photo
lab it's a big deal with this is that
you can upload the photos on their
website and pick them up the same day so
there's no extensive wait times for
processing and printing from outside
labs I was extremely impressed with the
results I've uploaded them to the
website off my phone at 8:30 in the
morning and I got a text when they were
already at 5:30 at night so I'm gonna
show you the two pictures I printed out
and I'm gonna give you my overall
thoughts okay I took both of these at
the Georgia Aquarium if anybody was
wondering this is a lionfish obviously
I'm very impressed with the overall
appearance of the picture from far away
or even like on this video you can tell
it's very detailed but it looks very
crisp you know I'm not a professional
photographer so you know I'm sure you
could pull it apart however which way
you'd like but you know I'm happy with
it and then my camera isn't made to go
super close but if you look up close
there's you know really no imperfections
you could of course like see the canvas
but that's the whole point of that but
overall I'm very happy here's the sides
the corners
keep in mind this is the very first time
I've ever gotten anything printed on
canvas so I'm not really sure what to
expect and then there's the back nothing
too fancy nothing too flashy you know of
course if you spend more money you could
have support frames all throughout and
you could have a you know a backing to
and a place to hang it it is important
to note though they did put a little
spot to where you could put a screw or
hang on the wall right there okay so
that was that picture and here's my
other one this is a jellyfish at the
Georgia Aquarium just kind of to give
example of you know solid colors there's
the blue I need to focus okay like I
said I'm not a professional photographer
I don't edit my photos at all I don't
take them in RAW format blah blah blah
put in the blue you can see a few specks
and I don't know if that's on my picture
that I didn't notice or if that's from
the printer um so that's just to give an
overall idea of what to expect if you
have a solid color background you know
most of the corners that looks fine
there's a speck right there and there's
one right there you can see a pretty big
one
and then a little cluster down there I'd
have to take a look at the original
picture to actually know you know what's
going on and then there is a a white
speck right there you can see it's just
hard to tell and I'm not that picky I
don't really care
this was basically just a test to see
you know the quality and I'm overall
very happy with them and I think they
will make great additions on my wall
somewhere I hope that this quick review
inspires you to purchase your canvases
at Walmart I got these on sale for $35
apiece I'm sure you can find coupons
year-round for similar sales or probably
even better let me know what you guys
think